I'm an atheist, but I believe in god. Not just the Christian god, but every god or deity; Greek, Jewish, Hindu, and everything in between or above. Despite this, I don't attend churches or synagogues, and I don't pray. I don't celebrate holy days, and I have no shrines in my house. Yet, I still believe that every god and deity exists and every religion is important.
One of the religions I know the most about are Greek Gods. Their gods were created to explain what humans couldn't at the time. They didn't know about the cycle of water or that the moon creates tides, so they created Poseidon. They didn't understand what lighting was, so they created Zeus. Even if they were wrong, they prayed for rain and it would come. Even if the gods weren't real when the humans first came, they became real when people believed in them. 
Believing isn't always seeing, but I saw my family's belief firsthand during my grandfather's funeral. My close family attended virtually, as the rest of the family was in Taiwan. I stood for hours, listening to the mourners sing hymns and play music in front of a shrine. In one part of the ritual, each person took turns speaking as if we were talking to my grandfather. When my mother spoke, her voice was trembling. I looked over and saw her tearing up, silently dabbing at her eyes with a tissue. Then, my aunt stood in front of the shrine. She started talking calmly, before she suddenly collapsed, wailing, crying out for her father. Even if I didn't feel the impact, she did. Everyone at the funeral did. They cared for my grandfather, and the rituals helped them grieve. 
Unlike most of my family, there are some people who believe that there are no gods. That physically, a man doesn't exist in a magic cloud land who can grant wishes and judges you for your sins. I agree with them, too. I think that there are no gods, and that things happen because of luck. I think miracles can happen, but because of happenstance. Despite this, I still believe in gods. Gods only have the power we give them, and because of that, I believe that they have an impact and that they have power.
So, I believe that every god exists. Religion can drive people apart, but it always brings them together. Religion can heal and save people, and to me, that means that each and every god and deity exists.
